KEYCLOAK-13759 update the upgrading guide (#911)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/rhsso/changes-74.adoc

== RH SSO 7.4

The following changes have occurred from {project_name} 7.3 to {project_name} 7.4.

=== Upgrade to EAP 7.3

The {project_name} server was upgraded to use EAP 7.3 as the underlying container. This change does not directly involve any specific {project_name} server functionality, but a few changes relate to the migration.

==== Dependency updates

> The dependencies were updated to the versions used by EAP 7.3 server. For example, Red Hat Data Grid is now 7.3.5.

Reviewer: Sorry, this is my bad, I read it wrong originally. EAP contains infinispan, not RHDG.
```suggestion
The dependencies were updated to the versions used by EAP 7.3 server. For example, Infinispan component version is now 9.3.1.Final.
```

==== Configuration changes

> There are a few configuration changes in the standalone(-ha).xml and domain.xml files. Follow the Upgrading the Red Hat server section to handle the migration of configuration files automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few configuration changes in the standalone(-ha).xml and domain.xml files. Follow the Upgrading the {project_name} server section to handle the migration of configuration files automatically.
```

==== Cross-Datacenter replication changes

> You will need to upgrade Red Hat Data Grid to 7.3.5. The older version may still work, but it is not tested so it is not guaranteed to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
You will need to upgrade {jdgserver_name} server to version {jdgserver_version}. The older version may still work, but it is not tested so it is not guaranteed to work.
```
Plus update https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak-documentation/blob/master/topics/templates/document-attributes-product.adoc#L133-L134 appropriately
